https://codepen.io/princeali415/pen/GRqmVeL?editors=1100



    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
        Used for SEO, accessibility, and for screen readers.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
        Structure a webpage.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
        Attributes provides us with more information on HTML elements, we can put them in any HTML elements.

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
        The h1 tag indicates the most important heading of the webpage. We should only use it once.

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
        The image tag and the form tag.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
        metadata we want to include in our webapage

    7. What is an id? 
        Unique id that we give to a html element to link it to a specific style we created in CSS.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
        We can add them to all elements.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
        Only once.

    10. What is a class? 
        links a specific css style to one or more html elements.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
        Any element you want.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
        As many times as you want.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
         add -> target = "_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
        To describe the image, this is for readability and is good practice.

    15. How do I reference an id?
        You do this in css with a #.

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
        Section tag defines sections of text, div tag defines containers within the html document.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
        CSS, or cascading style sheets is used to style the webpage.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
        We select an element as follows. Ex h2 ->

        h2 {

        }

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
        Id is for a specific case while class can be used to style many elements of the page. You can use a class to 
        add padding around a number of images. You can use id to style the paragraph of an important quote in a diffrent 
        color so it stands out.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
        we can select classes by writing a period before the classname in css. ex. ->
        .classname{

        }

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
        p.human {

        }

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
        The parent child selector, matches all child elements of a the specific parent element. Useful 
        when you want to be very specific in targeting vertain elements.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
        div.class a:link{

        }
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
        A keyword that specifies and special state of the selected elements.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
        line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
        letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
        text-transform: uppercase
        text-transform: lowercase
        text-transform: capitalize

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
        div {
            border: 1px dotted #000000
        }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
        * {

        }

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
        /* this is how you write a CSS commen */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
        pwd

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
        ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
        rm, once you dot his they are permanantly deleted.

    34. Why should I use version control? 
        makes it easy and effecient when many people are working on the same project. Can easily change and test code without 
        breaking production code.
        
    35. How often should I commit to github?
        Every 20 min, after important update. In other words frequently.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
        git push -u origin branch-name
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
        1. Fork repo
        2. clone repo
        3. use cd to go to working directory where u want to clone forked repo
        4. use git clone <link> to clone repo to local directory
        5.cd <repo-name> to get into new repo
        6. git checkout -b Hussain-Ali to create new brance for the repo
        7. clone . to start working on repo 
        8. git add . to add repo changes and make them ready to commit
        9. git commit -m "message" to commit changes
        10. git push -u origin Hussain-Ali to push all commits from local machine to github
        11. submit PR by slecting yur branch on repo, then click new pull request, click dropdown button that
        says base repository and change it to your forked repository. (not the lambda one) THEN click create Pull Request.



Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 
